update index.md and create a new overview (#199)
UWC2-APIDOC/to-do-service-sp25: docs/overviews/to-do-overview_rachaelallen91.md

Reviewer: Please review and correct the text errors and warnings. Most of the errors are due to the Sentence-case heading style.

Make sure your Vale and MardownLint settings are correct. See **Editing tools to improve your writing** in https://canvas.uw.edu/courses/1799216/discussion_topics/9729413

| Line | Column | Code | Message |
|------|--------|------|---------|
| 1 | 1 | `Readability.FleschKincaid` | Try to keep the Flesch–Kincaid grade level (9.21) below 8. |
| 1 | 3 | `Google.Headings` | 'To-Do Service Overview' should use sentence-style capitalization. |
| 5 | 14 | `write-good.Passive` | 'is intended' may be passive voice. Use active voice if you can. |
| 5 | 14 | `Google.Passive` | In general, use active voice instead of passive voice ('is intended'). |
| 5 | 106 | `Vale.Spelling` | Did you really mean 'APIs'? |
| 7 | 4 | `Google.Headings` | 'Key Features' should use sentence-style capitalization. |
| 12 | 3 | `write-good.TooWordy` | 'Modify' is too wordy. |
| 14 | 4 | `Google.Headings` | 'Primary Resources' should use sentence-style capitalization. |
| 19 | 4 | `Google.Headings` | 'Common Use Cases' should use sentence-style capitalization. |
| 23 | 20 | `Google.Acronyms` | Spell out 'CRUD', if it's unfamiliar to the audience. |
| 25 | 4 | `Google.Headings` | 'Related Documentation' should use sentence-style capitalization. |

# To-Do Service Overview

The To-Do Service API is a mock RESTful API that simulates a cloud-based task management system. It supports basic operations for creating, viewing, updating, and deleting to-do items, as well as managing users.

This service is intended for developers and technical writing students who want to practice working with APIs and documenting common resource interactions.

## Key Features

- Create and manage to-do tasks
- Associate tasks with users
- Retrieve individual tasks or lists of tasks
- Modify or delete existing tasks

## Primary Resources

- `/tasks`: Represents individual to-do items, including details like title, description, and completion status
- `/users`: Represents users who can create and own tasks

## Common Use Cases

- Build a basic to-do list app using mock data
- Practice documenting REST API endpoints and responses

> - Test client-side CRUD operations without a production backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test the serivice's operations without a production backend
```
CRUD is kind of a slang term and probably shouldn't appear in most documentation.
